some kings are known for their wisdom
others for their stupidity
some kings love peace others live for
war and conquest
some are pious
others have contempt for religion
some collect books and others burn them
some are outright crazy since people
didn't see kings and queens very often
he would spend a lot of time speculating
about what the king or his wife her
wives her mother or children or closest
of advisors were really like
was he a good king or a bad king this
allowed some to say that the king
himself is probably very nice
it's just his evil advisors who are
causing him to raise taxes or take away
their children to serve in the army or
otherwise make life difficult for them
sometimes though everyone agreed the
king was awful
there was just not too much they could
do about it
for instance henry iii of england who
built the tower of london that's where
the current queen keeps their hats
was so universally hated
that when at one point a large part of
the tower he was building collapsed
there were celebrations for days in
london
a lot of kings have extreme
personalities either they're unusually
kind or unusually cruel
in southern africa for instance people
remember shaka the founder of the zulu
kingdom as a terrifying king
who went completely crazy when his
mother died and ordered thousands of his
own subjects killed
sometimes he would throw parties
and execute anyone who made a mistake
with the dance steps
at one point he forbade anyone to drink
milk for a year since milk reminded him
of his mother
on the other hand
actually no idea how to pronounce his
name
was equally famous for being the nicest
king anyone had ever heard of
he was always kind and helpful to those
around him it was actually his father
was a famous philosopher
he refused to execute anyone under any
circumstances
his advisors were always trying to find
someone who'd done something so awful
that even mushu
would order him killed it almost became
like a game
the closest they came was once they
found some cannibals
would actually killed and ate the king's
beloved grandfather paid
can we at least kill him they said they
ate your grandfather
so surely he thought about it he finally
said
no
now if they eat my grandfather then
their bodies are my grandfather's grave
i can't desecrate my grandfather's grave
that would be wrong so let them go and
tell them to stop eating people because
that's disgusting